ref: clarify mechanics around `-d/R` options (#3175)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/metrics/diff.md

  ```

- `-R`, `--recursive` - determines the metrics files to use by searching each

>   target directory and its subdirectories for `dvc.yaml` files to inspect. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  target directory and its subdirectories for metrics files to inspect. If
```

`metrics` has different behavior because targets can be anything that can be parsed as metrics, even if not specified in `dvc.yaml`. For example, a JSON file with `{"acc": 0.9}` will be included as long as its somewhere in the target directory, even if no `dvc.yaml` exists.

Author: Oh true, good catch, updated! Is that also true for `metrics show`?

Author: >  Is that also true for metrics show -R?

I tested it on 2.9.3 and it seems so, so updated as well.

`metrics diff -R` isn't working as expected for me though... I'll open an issue ⌛

Author: > `metrics diff -R` isn't working as expected for me though...

Never mind, I forgot to provide an `a_rev` 😬
